.TH AWS-TUI 1 "" "aws-tui" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
aws-tui \- Ink TUI for AWS EC2 and S3 (browse + start/stop)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B aws-tui
.RI [ options ]
.P
No flags are required; the tool reads AWS CLI credentials and config.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B aws-tui
is a terminal UI for browsing AWS resources. EC2 supports start/stop
actions; S3 remains read-only (browse and download). The tool uses the
same credentials and profiles configured for the AWS CLI.
.P
Navigation is hierarchical: home dashboard, pick a service (EC2 or S3),
then drill down into lists and details. Regions can be changed quickly
from the home screen via the region selector shortcut.
.SH CREDENTIALS
The tool relies on your existing AWS CLI configuration. Profiles,
SSO, and MFA flows are handled by the AWS SDK using the default
credential provider chain. You can override profile/region in the
config file:
.P
.RS
~/.config/aws-tui/config.json
.RE
.SH KEYBINDINGS
.RS
.TP
.B q
Quit the application.
.TP
.B h
Return to the home dashboard.
.TP
.B R
Open region selector modal.
.TP
.B r
Refresh the current view.
.TP
.B / , arrow keys, PgUp/PgDn
Navigate lists; PgUp/PgDn paginates where supported.
.TP
.B EC2 view
arrows/jk move, PgDn/PgUp paginate, enter opens detail, s starts a stopped instance, x stops a running instance, r refreshes, Esc/\\(lh back.
.TP
.B S3 view
Bucket list: arrows select, enter/\\(-> opens bucket, Esc back. Inside bucket: arrows move, enter/\\(-> on folder drills in, enter on file opens detail, \\(lh/backspace goes up, PgDn/PgUp paginate, r refresh.
.RE
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/aws-tui/config.json
Local configuration storing last-used profile, region, and pagination
settings.
.SH EXAMPLES
Start the TUI using your current AWS profile and region:
.P
.RS
.nf
aws-tui
.fi
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
aws(1), aws-configure(1)
